[MUSIC]
The next tool we're going to
look at is the Trim function.
Here in Problem 2a we have rows of data
that represent pharmaceutical products.
You'll notice that there are extra
spaces in-between the letters and
numbers in the data.
The trim function will strip extra spaces
from text, leaving only single spaces
between words and no space characters
at the start or end of the text.
So I'll type in the equal sign,
trim, open parentheses and
reference the first cell
in the table above.
You'll notice that the formula prompts
us to enter text within the parentheses,
but we can also reference another
cell that has text in it.
I'll close the parentheses and
click Enter,
and you can see that the name was
returned without any extra spaces.
As in our previous example,
I'll drag down the formula using
the bottom right-hand corner,
and I'll click the Menu to
Fill Without Formatting.
Notice that all the extra
spaces are removed.
This can be very helpful when
using any lookup functions.
As we are normally working with an exact
match, one extra space can make
something that appears the same
to actually not return a match.
[MUSIC]